{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red153\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c0\c0;
}
{\info
{\author Meierhofer, Melissa}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21480\viewh15160\viewkind1\viewscale132
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Explanation of database - Please Read and Refer to 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 In all columns, \'91\cf2 NA\cf0 \'92 (not available) was used when a column could not be filled.
\f2\b0  
\f3 \

\f0\b If multiple options within a cell, separate with a semi-colon and \ul space on either side of the semi-colon\ulnone  ;
\f2\b0  = \cf3 pre-breeding 
\f0\b ;
\f2\b0  hibernation
\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
Brief explanation: These data were gathered by all coauthors from previously published articles. *Note: Some columns were not directly used in analyses as there was a mix of averaged values and raw values based on how data were reported; they were used to inform categories used in analyses. \
Be aware: Each row of data in the database might be representative of a single animal from a study, and thus multiple rows can be from the same study. Some values are actual, while some are estimates, but all were extracted from the original papers referenced. It would be advisable to refer to the original article for an understanding of the data before use in an analyses. Columns of interest are those associated with bat mass (weight of bat).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Source: 
\f2\b0 One of the following: \'93\cf2 WoS\cf0 \'94 (Web of Science), \'93\cf2 Omara\cf0 \'94 (Original Review Paper), and \'93\cf2 Other\cf0 \'94 (technical reports, grey literature, and papers included based on authors own knowledge).
\f3 \

\f0\b ID: 
\f2\b0 A unique ID for each study. ID is repeated in separate rows if multiple instances (tags applied to multiple species) in the same paper.
\f3 \

\f0\b Title: 
\f2\b0 Article or technical report title.
\f3 \

\f0\b Publication_type: \'93
\f2\b0 \cf2 Research\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Technical Report\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Book Chapter\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Conference Paper\'94
\f3 \

\f0\b \cf0 Journal
\f2\b0 : The journal where the paper is published of analogous information for technical reports.
\f3 \

\f0\b Year_publication: 
\f2\b0 Year of publication.
\f3 \

\f0\b doi
\f2\b0 : doi of the paper or, if missing, URL of the article or of the technical report.
\f3 \

\f0\b Geography: 
\f2\b0 Character string reporting the location of the study. State, province or region, followed by Country e.g., \'94\cf2 Tokyo, Japan\cf0 \'94 
\f3 \

\f0\b Higher_geography
\f2\b0 : One of the standard biogeographic regions: \'93\cf2 Global\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Nearctic\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Neotropical\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Afrotropical\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Palearctic\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Indomalayan\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Oceanian\cf0 \'94, and \'93\cf2 Australasian\cf0 \'94. If multiple biogeographic regions are applicable, they are separated with a semicolon. Example: \'93Nearctic ; Palearctic\'94. This should cover the location of the study, and not the geographic region of where the bat is found. 
\f3\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 H_5: 
\f2\b0 whether or not the paper exceeded 5% with all or some of the animals tagged
\f0\b \
Year_study: 
\f2\b0 Year the study occurred. If the study spanned across years, separated years with a hyphen (e.g., \cf2 2010-2013\cf0  ; \cf2 2019 ; 2020\cf0 ).
\f3 \

\f0\b Months_study
\f2\b0 \cf3 : \cf0 Months that the study occurred. 
\f4\fs21 as stated in the text. Spell out and separate a span of months with a dash - e.g., \cf2 June-August
\f3\fs20 \

\f0\b \cf0 Period_of_year:
\f2\b0  \'94
\f4\fs21 \cf2 Spring\cf0 \'94 \'93 \cf2 Summer\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Autumn\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Winter\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Lactation\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Pre-breeding\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Breeding\cf0 \'94  \'93\cf2 Weaning\cf0 \'94 as stated in the text
\f3 \

\f0\b\fs20 Species_name: 
\f2\b0 Character string reporting full details about the species or taxon (usually a binomial name). 
\f3 \

\f0\b Genus: 
\f2\b0 Genus of bat
\f3 \

\f0\b Subspecies
\f2\b0 : if applicable, otherwise \'93\cf2 NA\cf0 \'94\

\f0\b Wing loading: 
\f2\b0 value;
\f0\b   
\f2\b0 extracted from https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/pdf/10.1098/rstb.1987.0030 or https://doi.org/10.1139/z02-029
\f3 \

\f0\b Family
\f2\b0 : higher classification of bat species
\f3 \

\f0\b weight_bat_reported: 
\f2\b0 was the weight recorded from the study animal(s):  \'93\cf2 yes\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 no\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 provided by authors\cf0 \'94 
\f1\b \

\f0 weight_bat_mean
\f2\b0 : actual value of animal weight given in \cf3 grams\cf0 ; when +/- is given, use those values to calculate the min and max bat weight values
\f3 \

\f0\b weight_bat_min
\f2\b0 : value of animal weight given in \cf3 grams\cf0 ; this may be the case if papers provide range of weights for multiple bats tagged
\f3 \

\f0\b weight_bat_max
\f2\b0 : value of animal weight given in \cf3 grams\cf0 ; this may be the case if papers provide range of weights for multiple bats tagged
\f3 \cf3 \

\f0\b \cf0 Type of device:
\f2\b0  \'94\cf2 VHF transmitter\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 GPS\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Micro on board\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Accelerometer\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Altimeter\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 temperature-sensitive radio transmitters\cf0 \'94
\f3 \

\f0\b Kind of device (Brand+label): 
\f2\b0 \'93\cf2 Biotrack\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Lotek\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 Techosmart\cf0 \'94...
\f3 \

\f0\b device_weight_reported: 
\f2\b0 did authors provide a weight/range of weight of device: \'93\cf2 yes\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 no\cf0 \'94
\f3 \

\f0\b device_weight: 
\f2\b0 value given in \cf3 grams
\f3 \

\f0\b \cf0 device_weight_min: 
\f2\b0 value given in \cf3 grams\cf0 ; this may be the case if they give a range for the weight of the device attached
\f3 \

\f0\b device_weight_max: 
\f2\b0 value given in \cf3 grams\cf0 ; this may be the case if they give a range for the weight of the device attached\

\f0\b Device Weight:
\f2\b0  based on the mean, min, and max values, and reported as the largest value provided in the original manuscript in \cf3 grams
\f3 \

\f0\b \cf0 device_over5: 
\f2\b0 was the weight of the device >5% of the bat weight, \'93\cf2 yes\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 no\cf0 \'94 \'93\cf2 some\cf0 \'94 - some if there are some individuals reported as >5% and some <5% and you are unable to split between e.g., sex/age
\f3 \

\f0\b device_%
\f2\b0 : % of body mass, either reported by the authors or calculated if the weight of the device and animal are given
\f3 \

\f0\b device_%_min
\f2\b0 : minimum value for % of body mass represented by device 
\f3 \

\f0\b device_%_max
\f2\b0 : maximum value for % of body mass represented by device\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Tested statistically:
\f2\b0  Did the authors use a statistical method/analysis to test the effect of the tracking device? One of: \'93\cf2 yes\cf0 \'94 or \'93\cf2 no\cf0 \'94. Note that if the article contains statistical methods, this does not necessarily mean that they have tested the effect of the device on the animal. 
\f3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 [These variables in \cf4 red (*) \cf0 were filled only if the answer to Tested_statistically was \cf2 yes\cf0 ] 
\fs20 Otherwise, most will be \cf2 NA\cf0  in the columns after \'93Tested Statistically\'94 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 We need studies that compared a <5% (optimal situation) to >5% (suboptimal) and measured a response (a comparison of weight loss, for example). 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf4 * Response_variable\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 The response variable of interest. Please try keeping it short (less than 5 words), as later we will have to group in simpler categories. For example, if they compared the flight behavior of bats before and after the tracking device was attached, could put \'93\cf2 flight behavior of bat\cf0 \'94.
\f3 \
\

\f0\b \cf4 * Response_group\cf0 : Categorized response_variables for the purpose of figures. \ul KEEP BLANK\ulnone  as we will categorize
\f3\b0 \
\

\f0\b \cf4 * Predictor_variable\cf0 :
\f2\b0  The independent variable of interest. For example, if they compared hair loss of species for a bat tagged >5% to <5%, the response variable could be: \'93\cf2 Hair loss <5% to >5%\cf0 \'94. 
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 * Statistical_method\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 If an analysis was done, report the type of analysis used. Common analyses: \'93\cf2 Pearson\'92s r\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Spearman\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 t-test\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 ANOVA\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 LM\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 GLM\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 GAM\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 GLMM\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 GAMM\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 PCA\cf0 \'94.
\f3 \
\

\f0\b \cf4 * Test_statistic\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 the specific measure. Common are \'93\cf2 r\cf0 \'94 (for correlations), \'93\cf2 t\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 z\cf0 \'94 (for GLM/M), etc.
\f3 \

\f0\b \cf4 * df\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 Degrees of freedom. Value entered.
\f1\b 	\

\f0 \cf4 * N\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 Sample size used in the analysis. Value entered.
\f1\b 	\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Direction_of_effect: 
\f2\b0 One of  (please mind the spelling and capital letters): 
\f0\b  
\f2\b0 \'93\cf2 Positive\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Negative\cf0 \'94, \'93\cf2 Neutral\cf0 \'94, and \'93\cf2 Unknown\cf0 \'94. If a statistical analysis is present, usually it is the sign of the statistical effect. If the study is not based on statistics, it was assigned empirically.
\f3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 * P-value\cf0 : 
\f2\b0 Probability of an observed difference. Value given to two decimal places if provided.
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Notes: 
\f2\b0 Any notes/comments about the article that are of interest in interpretation.
\f1\b 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f5 \cf0 Contact_authors: 
\f4\b0 If you have doubts with the paper, especially numbers of bats, etc, the best option is to contact the authors directly. 
\f3 \

\f5\b Authors_reply
\f4\b0 : if the authors reply or not.
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Assignment:
\f2\b0  Coauthor who extracted the information from the article.
\f3 \

\f0\b Validated: 
\f2\b0 Coauthor who double checked the entry.
\f3 \
}